# Final Project Milestone #3

[Final Project Description](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1j3zgypVjPjzXl4pL1_Wpjvp3GLCW9zcFydkwUjNfNUA/edit?usp=sharing)

Complete this document in **your** portfolio (CH 9). 

You should now begin to code your models. 

Define your models in the `FinalProject/src/` folder in your portfolio.

Although you will probably need to alter them further, you should try to write as much of the models as you can. You can always change things later.

## Models Design

You need to make sure you have the following for each Model:

1. for classes that should be sprites:
    * inherit sprite functionality
    * have instance variables image and rect
2. Models should not have any event logic
    * In other words, you should not be inspecting or responding to events in your models
    * Although some is required, such as the Sprite class, try to minimize how much of the pygame library you use in your models

Remember, this is to get you thinking and help me guide you. Nothing is set in stone.

***

Using the example below, list each model class and its interface

1. Class MainCharacter:  
    * def__init__(self,x, y, color, name)
        * This class is going to define the main character of the game, by which it can move around the entire display window, besides giving a color with a key name during the game. 
    * def loop attack(self): One of the principal skills that the main character would have is its attack that consists in the creation of a formation of a structure generated by a line, once that the line reach to end through the formation of any shape, all enemies would be defeated inside the formation.  
    * def lifes(3):   In this case the main character will have a counter of 3 lifes during the game. 





2. Class Enemies:
    * def__init__(self, x, y, color, name)
       * This class present the characteristics of the enemies, being similar to the main character.
    * def spin attack(): The attack of the enemies would be a turn.
    * def defeat(): When enemies receive damage through an attack from the main character, then for all enemies would dissapear.
    



3. Class secondary elements:
   * def __init__(self, motion, color):
   *  From this moment, I am planning to add objects as secondary field or even being part of the scenario.
   *  def timer(): And for final, I want to add a timer to set how many enemies you can beat in a range of time.
   